# VoucherTransactionsExport

This is an object representing an export.    Using this endpoint, you can export voucher transactions as a CSV file. This functionality works asynchronously and comes down to the following steps: create an export object and return its id so you can track its status, trigger a CSV file generation, change the status to SCHEDULED when the generation is over, store the file in S3 and change the status to DONE. Now you can download it.  With parameters you can select which fields will be exported. An export request will almost always result in a single file being generated by the system. However, when your volume of data is large, the system may split the results into multiple chunks.

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **str** | Unique export ID. | 
**object** | **str** | The type of object being represented. This object stores information about the &#x60;export&#x60;. | [default to 'export']
**created_at** | **datetime** | Timestamp representing the date and time when the export was scheduled in ISO 8601 format. | 
**status** | **str** | Status of the export. Informs you whether the export has already been completed, i.e. indicates whether the file containing the exported data has been generated. | [default to 'SCHEDULED']
**channel** | **str** | The channel through which the export was triggered. | [default to 'API']
**exported_object** | **str** | The type of exported object. | [default to 'voucher_transactions']
**parameters** | [**VoucherTransactionsFilters**](VoucherTransactionsFilters.md) |  | 
**result** | [**VoucherTransactionsExportResult**](VoucherTransactionsExportResult.md) |  | [optional] 
**user_id** | **str** | Identifies the specific user who initiated the export through the Voucherify Dashboard; returned when the &#x60;channel&#x60; value is &#x60;WEBSITE&#x60;. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


